I think that most of us deal with this
within our own family and not with a
YouTube celebrity like Addison but I've
said many times in this channel the
depressing reality as this life goes on
is that some people are too stupid to be
vegan and it's not like the vegan diet
is something really elite it's not like
being an Olympic athlete or something
where some people can hack and some
people can't but nevertheless a Nissen
is a guy who's been pretty honest about
the extent to which he is
psychologically damaged and/or mentally
impaired and or extremely emotionally
unstable he's talked a lot about the
limited extent to which he can use his
brain he's been about as honest as
anyone can be expected to be he's also
been very austere but his sex life and a
lot of other things on the internet he's
a really damaged really dysfunctional
guy and it does not come as a surprise
to me that he could not cope with he
could not be vegan
he tried things read twice and you know
it may seem like a small step to go from
vegetarian - vegan it may seem like a
small step to you and I but it was an
insurmountable wall to an SEM now you
know what are you gonna say about that I
can't say I respect it I think that
would really be a misuse of the English
language it's not like I'm gonna say I
respect the fact that you're too stupid
to do something that I do seven days a
week with ease you know I can't say I
respect the fact that you living on the
west coast of the United States speaking
English as your first language
completely fluently find it impossible
to do something that I've managed to do
in Cambodia China like what Saskatchewan
I mean hard to say what's tougher
Germany France hardest France
and my you know my French is pretty poor
I speak some French you know I've
managed to do it with a language barrier
with climate barriers and it may sound
stupid but it's true Saskatchewan it's
really cold it's really hard to get
vegan food there's no local you know
greens whatever you know I can't say to
a Nissen like I respect your
I can't say I respect your inability to
do this I can't sales but I can
recognize for him this small step is
insurmountable he's really accustomed to
having people so what are the factors
really briefly get you to know he is
really really accustomed to subsisting
on a diet of egg white so egg white is
the main source of protein in his diet
egg white he considers vegetarian but
not vegan back when I was vegetarian I
didn't eat eggs chef
I'd consider myself strictly vegetarian
because I consider eggs a form of meat
it's just a different organ from the
chickens body I don't really see how he
can see considered that anything other
than meat that you're eating and she has
what I think can be called genuinely an
insane delusion that his diet should not
include anything unnatural he doesn't
want to use a supplement of any kind he
doesn't wanna use a vitamin pill he
doesn't wanna use protein powder he
doesn't wait he says he doesn't he's
that it's interesting also no yeah I'm
not gonna say I respect it but I
understand man I can recognize okay
that's his perspective that's his
philosophy of life I can call it insane
but to him it's real to him there's
something very real and very meaningful
and rewarding which is the difference
between eating egg whites losing out of
a chicken egg you know as
opposed to vegan protein powder scooped
out of a plastic tub and put in a you
know put in a milkshake maker put in a
blender you know to him that's real and
meaningful and important and from my
perspective it's it's completely insane
but that's who he is that's what he
believes that's what he's into
I can recognize that that's a very
powerful delusion in his life and I can
call it insane but I mean that's
philosophy for you philosophy is the
debate over who is to be saying who is
to be insane you know it's interesting
that he mentions that he talked to
beacon Gaines about this vegan gains is
a guy who really does believe that the
vegan diet is easy for the following
reason he eats like six cups of beans a
day bean based proteins legumes whether
that's in the form of lentils or red
beans or black beans or whatever so
vegan gain says
because I've talked to him also you know
Facebook messages and we've talked on
skype we've talked whatever his
perspective is being gains finds it
impossible to understand why anyone
finds it difficult to get enough protein
on a vegan diet what they do and the
reason is the vast majority of white
Western people are not used to cooking a
pot of beans a day or multiple pots of
means a day they're not used to boiling
beans for like more than 40 minutes it's
a long process to make beans digestible
and have beans is a major staple in your
diet takes a long long time it's not
like cutting off a slice of bread it's
it's not like anything else you know
it's not like cooking meat you don't
boil beef for 40 minutes you don't you
know most of the forms of meat we eat in
the modern Western world well no you can
if you have a stewing ham or something
you don't like there are forms of stewed
meat but you know for most of the meat
that we eat in the modern Western world
if you're coming at it as a meat-eater
you don't fry eggs for that long you
don't cook meat for that long you don't
cook big of that long and so on it's not
it's not the way it is so anyway people
are not accustomed to what it takes to
have a high protein bean based vegan
diet and vegan gains really is
accustomed to that so it's kind of
incomprehensible damn from its
perspective why do so many people come
to him complaining about getting enough
protein having a balanced vegan diet
cetera but I can say even for me like on
a busy work day yesterday I had a busy
work day but you don't have I don't have
every day I'm really not that busy with
this job yesterday had a long busy day
and i80 beans no I eat beans last night
at like 11:30 p.m. right so that's when
I got my beans in was that before I went
to sleep almost at midnight right I have
days where it's hard in terms of the
hours of the day in terms of my life so
even though I know for me the number one
variable for my personal health and
vitality is getting enough beans so the
protein content is high enough my diet
because here in China I have no protein
supplements and nevertheless I screw up
I sometimes go a couple days without
beans and I end up binging on soy milk
or something to try to compensate it's
like you know I've got a struggle I've
got a schedule or gonna make sure I'm
really getting the beans in in my diet
so look guys there's a lot of craziness
on both sides there are vegans who want
to pretend that it's really easy to get
enough calcium in your diet as a vegan
and it's not
if you don't take a calcium supplement
it is not easy to get enough calcium as
a vegan take a calcium supplement it's
the easiest thing but this guy on Sen
has a basically insane delusion that he
shouldn't take any supplements of any
kind
he'd rather eat a chicken egg despite
the fact that he knows it's ecologically
bad and ethically bad and he's seen the
video footage of how horrible it is for
these chickens to live their whole lives
you know in a steel cage or even the
cage free method it's it's just as bad
and worse
cage free is is actually worse for the
chicken the resident looking to but you
know these these chickens are living in
constant misery and so on he knows that
but he would still rather commit to
eating chicken eggs every day because he
hates supplements because he has this
delusion that anything unnatural is
evenly you know it's it's a it's an
appeal to nature fallacy but to him it's
that's deep and real it's important to
him right I can laugh at it but that's
not gonna change situation I do think I
mean stupidity is real the fundamental
problem here is that an SEM is a very
stupid person he's a very emotionally
damaged person he's a person with
profound psychological problems that
he's been honest enough to talk about in
the internet and I I respect that I
respect Real Talk but for a lot of us as
vegans like look I've mentioned some of
my relatives I got that one cousin who's
a compulsive gambler he's never gonna be
vegan it's not because he's a compulsive
gambler it's not like he's so busy
gambling he can't be vegan but I've got
relatives who are too stupid or too
emotionally damaged or too
psychologically deranged to ever do this
vegan diet thing and you know for me
it's easy for me it's a small step but
for someone else that small step isn't a
super barrier and when you talk to
people one-on-one you normally do find
out what the barriers are whether it is
getting enough protein or getting enough
calcium but it is a fundamentally
unhelpful attitude for you as a vegan to
just say getting enough protein is easy
it's not or it's not for everyone
when I first moved to France that was
impossible in France it was impossible
for me to get enough protein when I
first moved there was a horrible
struggle and then my protein supplements
arrived in the mail and I was fine but
until the protein supplement it was
absolutely horrible
I couldn't I couldn't get now was
ridiculous and all I could get in France
was like you know vegan pizza with no
cheese when we first got there I get
vegan pizza with no cheese and I could
get okay but the the protein of every
show is terrible right living on soy
yogurt so it's a desert product you eat
a desert product three meals a day
you're gonna gain a lot of weight and
not get enough protein that's right so
no it's you know I love I love soy
yogurt I do but anyway that's that's not
the topic by the way and you know the
most extreme and crazy attitude
something's habits they pretend that you
can get enough b12 with those
supplements I remember back you know the
raw fruit area and the natural people
they want to pretend that too but yeah
well you know what's what's an
insuperable and what's in a super
barrier to one person is easily overcome
to another I do think you have to have
fundamentally a sympathetic and
analytical attitude when you encounter
those people whether it's your own
relatives or whether it's it's someone
like in SEN but the bottom line is
stupidity is real not everyone can play
this game we play and honesty and I
think is a really great example of that
even someone who's basically been
vegetarian for their entire lives who
finds it impossible to go vegan and yeah
the insane and counterproductive advice
from someone like Frehley doesn't help
but interestingly even though the
pragmatic science-based advice for
someone like vegan gains didn't know
that's all I got to say